Tomorrow morning at 8:00
I'm waiting for you in the president's office
Xiaoyan
Fu Siye
The man who had a one-night stand with Xiaoyan?
Fu Siye, is he actually your wound?
You are hurt.
Ok it's alright
It's just that the blisters on my hands broke and it hurts a little.
I will also change the explosion at night.
No, the other doctors are off work now.
Do you want Xiaoyan to keep hurting?
It will get infected
Xiaoyan dares to kiss so much in front of me
Your relationship is really extraordinary. Come with me
Oh, be gentle, why don't you come?
Fu Siyan, in fact, Sangchen and I are not your choice
He's your husband.
Yeah, how about that?
Pretty handsome, I don't think so
A handsome man like him is the most playful
Someone is still calling so late
Who knows which woman it is?